docs: Update pull request instructions with squash/rebase (#4305)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/contributing/guidelines/pull-requests.md

Pull requests should all be made to the **master** branch.

### Updating your branch on top of the latest of the default branch

Make sure to rebase your work on the latest default branch of the Uno repository, when working on a fork:
- Add the official uno repository to your remotes:
```bash
git remote add uno https://github.com/unoplatform/uno
```
- Fetch the official repository
```bash
git fetch uno-origin
```
- Rebase your work on the default branch
```bash
git rebase uno/master
```
- Then push your branch to your fork:
```bash
git push -f
```

### Making sure your commits conform to the Conventional Commits format

All commits **must** be in the [Conventional Commits format](../../uno-development/git-conventional-commits.md).

We use this to automatically generate release notes for new releases, this means that your commit messages will appear untouched in the release notes.

> Make sure that:

Reviewer: Seems like this should be under the previous heading, or a new heading

- You create only the least possible commits, where each commit details a specific added feature or bug fix.
- Try using the category feature as frequently as possible. (e.g. `feat(NavigationView): Updated the main panel`, or `fix(ProgressRing): Fix visibility`)
- Squash your commits, using interactive rebase:
   ```
   git fetch uno-origin
   git rebase uno/master -i # Rebase your branch on top of the latest master, squash using fixups
   git push -f
   ```

> - If your fixing a regression introduced by a PR that as not been released yet, use `fix(reg): Fixing issue of previous PR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're fixing a regression introduced by a PR that has not been released in a stable version yet, use the `reg` category. Example: `fix(reg): Fixing issue of previous PR`.
```
